README.md, before:

# Twitter Provider for OAuth 2.0 Client

This package provides Twitter OAuth 2.0 support for the PHP League's [OAuth 2.0 Client](https://github.com/thephpleague/oauth2-client).

## Installation

To install, use composer:

```
composer require smolblog/oauth2-twitter
```

## Usage

Usage is the same as The League's OAuth client, using `\Smolblog\OAuth2\Client\Provider\Twitter` as the provider.

### Authorization Code Flow

```php
<?php
session_start();

require_once 'vendor/autoload.php';

$provider = new Smolblog\OAuth2\Client\Provider\Twitter([
	'clientId'          => 'MjVXMnRGVUN5Ym5lcVllcTVKZkk6MTpjaQ',
	'clientSecret'      => 'YDPiM-JsC5xU44P2VijGJRB7zdKB1PckCGjOynXGx9HZM7N6As',
	'redirectUri'       => 'http://oddevan.test/twitter-test/',
]);

if (!isset($_GET['code'])) {
	unset($_SESSION['oauth2state']);
	unset($_SESSION['oauth2verifier']);
	
	// Optional: The default scopes are ‘tweet.read’, ‘users.read’,
    // and ‘offline.access’. You can change them like this:
    $options = [
        ‘scope’ => [
            ‘tweet.read’,
            ‘tweet.write’,
            ‘tweet.moderate.write’,
            ‘users.read’,
            ‘follows.read’,
            ‘follows.write’,
            ‘offline.access’,
            ‘space.read’,
            ‘mute.read’,
            ‘mute.write’,
            ‘like.read’,
            ‘like.write’,
            ‘list.read’,
            ‘list.write’,
            ‘block.read’,
            ‘block.write’,
            ‘bookmark.read’,
            ‘bookmark.write’,
        ],
	]; 
    

	// If we don't have an authorization code then get one
	$authUrl = $provider->getAuthorizationUrl($options);
	$_SESSION['oauth2state'] = $provider->getState();

	// We also need to store the PKCE Verification code so we can send it with
	// the authorization code request.
	$_SESSION['oauth2verifier'] = $provider->getPkceVerifier();

	header('Location: '.$authUrl);
	exit;

// Check given state against previously stored one to mitigate CSRF attack
} elseif (empty($_GET['state']) || ($_GET['state'] !== $_SESSION['oauth2state'])) {

	unset($_SESSION['oauth2state']);
	exit('Invalid state');

} else {

	try {

		// Try to get an access token (using the authorization code grant)
		$token = $provider->getAccessToken('authorization_code', [
			'code' => $_GET['code'],
			'code_verifier' => $_SESSION['oauth2verifier'],
		]);

		// Optional: Now you have a token you can look up a users profile data
		// We got an access token, let's now get the user's details
		$user = $provider->getResourceOwner($token);

		// Use these details to create a new profile
		printf('Hello %s!', $user->getName());

	} catch (Exception $e) {
		echo '<pre>';
		print_r($e);
		echo '</pre>';

		// Failed to get user details
		exit('Oh dear...');
	}

	// Use this to interact with an API on the users behalf
	echo $token->getToken();
}
```

## Changelog

See `CHANGELOG.md`

## Credits

- [Evan Hildreth](https://github.com/oddevan)

Maintained as part of the [Smolblog](https://smolblog.org/) project.

## License

The Modified 3-clause BSD License (BSD). Please see [License File](https://github.com/smolblog/oauth2-twitter/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Update README with contributor and info

README.md, after:

# Twitter Provider for OAuth 2.0 Client

This package provides Twitter OAuth 2.0 support for the PHP League's [OAuth 2.0 Client](https://github.com/thephpleague/oauth2-client).

## Installation

To install, use composer:

```
composer require smolblog/oauth2-twitter
```

## Usage

Usage is the same as The League's OAuth client, using `\Smolblog\OAuth2\Client\Provider\Twitter` as the provider.

### Authorization Code Flow

```php
<?php
session_start();

require_once 'vendor/autoload.php';

$provider = new Smolblog\OAuth2\Client\Provider\Twitter([
	'clientId'          => 'MjVXMnRGVUN5Ym5lcVllcTVKZkk6MTpjaQ',
	'clientSecret'      => 'YDPiM-JsC5xU44P2VijGJRB7zdKB1PckCGjOynXGx9HZM7N6As',
	'redirectUri'       => 'http://oddevan.test/twitter-test/',
]);

if (!isset($_GET['code'])) {
	unset($_SESSION['oauth2state']);
	unset($_SESSION['oauth2verifier']);
	
	// Optional: The default scopes are ‘tweet.read’, ‘users.read’,
	// and ‘offline.access’. You can change them like this:
	$options = [
		‘scope’ => [
			‘tweet.read’,
			‘tweet.write’,
			‘tweet.moderate.write’,
			‘users.read’,
			‘follows.read’,
			‘follows.write’,
			‘offline.access’,
			‘space.read’,
			‘mute.read’,
			‘mute.write’,
			‘like.read’,
			‘like.write’,
			‘list.read’,
			‘list.write’,
			‘block.read’,
			‘block.write’,
			‘bookmark.read’,
			‘bookmark.write’,
		],
	]; 
		

	// If we don't have an authorization code then get one
	$authUrl = $provider->getAuthorizationUrl($options);
	$_SESSION['oauth2state'] = $provider->getState();

	// We also need to store the PKCE Verification code so we can send it with
	// the authorization code request.
	$_SESSION['oauth2verifier'] = $provider->getPkceVerifier();

	header('Location: '.$authUrl);
	exit;

// Check given state against previously stored one to mitigate CSRF attack
} elseif (empty($_GET['state']) || ($_GET['state'] !== $_SESSION['oauth2state'])) {

	unset($_SESSION['oauth2state']);
	exit('Invalid state');

} else {

	try {

		// Try to get an access token (using the authorization code grant)
		$token = $provider->getAccessToken('authorization_code', [
			'code' => $_GET['code'],
			'code_verifier' => $_SESSION['oauth2verifier'],
		]);

		// Optional: Now you have a token you can look up a users profile data
		// We got an access token, let's now get the user's details
		$user = $provider->getResourceOwner($token);

		// Use these details to create a new profile
		printf('Hello %s!', $user->getName());

	} catch (Exception $e) {
		echo '<pre>';
		print_r($e);
		echo '</pre>';

		// Failed to get user details
		exit('Oh dear...');
	}

	// Use this to interact with an API on the users behalf
	echo $token->getToken();
}
```

## Changelog

See `CHANGELOG.md`

## Credits

- [Evan Hildreth](https://github.com/oddevan)
- [Niklas](https://github.com/niklaswa)

Maintained* as part of the [Smolblog](https://smolblog.org/) project.

*With [Twitter's new paid API][twapi], the Smolblog project is no longer able to reliably maintain this plugin. We will
fix any issues we can, but we can no longer react to new features. If you want to take over active maintenance, get in
touch.

## License

The Modified 3-clause BSD License (BSD). Please see [License File](https://github.com/smolblog/oauth2-twitter/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for more information.
